Ouyan
They invited a representative of the temporary group to the stage
What did you do last time that disappointed you?
I am the representative of the temporary group
You poor son from Shandong
Dare to impersonate the representative of the temporary group
I see you are tired of living
You even dare to pretend to be the representative of the temporary group
How dare you!
Look, come down quickly
Don't you see what kind of place this is?
Still embarrassed here
Sister, let's come down
Otherwise, the people who will be fine in a while will not let you go.
Since you don't believe
So I'm going to show you.
Hey
The cooperation letter of this temporary group
How is it in your hands?
Said I was the temporary representative
Of course I have the contract
How is that possible?
This must be a contract.
This has the official seal of the temporary group
It should be true.
Member, give it to me.
Damn girl, don't hurry up and give us the contract
Ou Ou Yan, you are crazy
I said that you can't get the cooperation of the Li Group.
How dare you tear up the cooperation contract of Lin's Group?
This is a big disrespect to Mr. Li
Ou Yan, you are courting death
You see, I'm not taking this wind well, you let go
Dead girl
Damn girl, you are too brave
Step on the left hand daughter and come to you, you will regret it.
I regret waiting to leave home and sign a contract with our Bai family
Our Bai family is a billionaire
I want to see everything, who will regret it?
Those who dare to touch my Lin family are courting death